Barr. Phillip Butulezi
[ADDRESS REMOVED]

EMAIL: barrphbutulezi@myway.com

Hello,

I am Barr. Phillip Butulezi, an attorney of law to a deceased Immigrant property Magnate, who was based in the U.K, also referred to as my client.

On the 25th of July 2000, my client, his wife, and their two Children died in the Air France concord plane crash bound for New York. They were on their way to a world cruise.

Prior to that accident and since then, I have been managing Mr Schoeler’s properties here in the U.K. Some of these properties, at the time of the accident, were already put on sale. I, as his attorney, monitored the sale of the properties, and the depositing of the proceeds into Mr Schoeler’s main U.K bank account. I have contacted you initially to assist me in repatriating the money, and possibly ownership of some of the property left behind by my client; this is to prevent ownership of both reverting to the state. By U.K law, ownership of funds in current bank accounts unattended for six years will automatically revert back to her majesty’s government treasury. However, the legal procedure to activate this takes about three months, of which there are just about two months left.

The bank has recently issued me a notice to provide details of any of Mr Schoeler’s next of kin within a short period of time, this thereby triggers off the procedure of reverting ownership of the funds to her majesty’s government. My Late client’s main Uk bank account is valued at fifteen million, five hundred thousand U.S dollars ($15.5m). Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any relatives of my late client in the last six years; and with the bank indicating that they now wish to shortly start the procedure of reversion of ownership of the funds to the state, I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased, so that the proceeds of this account can be paid to you. And then you in turn can send me my share of the money. The ratio for the sharing of the funds will be fifty per cent (50%) to me, forty per cent (40%) to you, and ten per cent (10%) for miscellaneous expenses that might arise. I have all the necessary information that will be used to back up any claim we may make..

All I require is your honest co-operation and confidentiality to enable us sees this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me, as Mr Schoeler’s attorney; this is a risk-free transaction. Please send me your full names, address, and your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss this matter further.

I very much look forward to a swift response from you.

Kindest regards,

Barr. Phillip Butulezi
